Add Google sheet capability (#10) fixes #9 (#10)
thealphadollar/vanilla-i18n: csv_to_vanilla-i18n/README.md

NOTE: Python3 should be installed to use the script, follow instructions [here](https://realpython.com/installing-python/) to install it.

To run the script, `python3 csv_to_vanilla_i18n.py [parameters]`.

For parameters in the above line, you have several options:

> * You can specify the sheet ID and worksheet name of a Google Sheets worksheet, in that order, separated by a space. (Do NOT enter the entire URL to the Google Sheet.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can specify the sheet ID and worksheet name of a Google Sheets worksheet, in that order, separated by a space. Eg. `python3 csv_to_vanilla_i18n.py 1KfPLetq4VUvEApiGtWEUuQUhAYCrocyLmyiHV2cl_ks Sheet1`
```

> * You can specify only the sheet ID and let the worksheet name default to ‘Sheet1’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can specify only the sheet ID and let the worksheet name default to ‘Sheet1’. Eg. `python3 csv_to_vanilla_i18n.py 1KfPLetq4VUvEApiGtWEUuQUhAYCrocyLmyiHV2cl_ks`
```

> * You can specify only the path to a local language CSV file. Be sure to include the .csv extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can specify only the path to a local language CSV file. Be sure to include the .csv extension. Eg. `python3 csv_to_vanilla_i18n.py /path/to/csv`
```

> * You can omit the parameters completely. Then you will be prompted for the name of a local language CSV file. Be sure to include the .csv extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can omit the parameters completely. Then you will be prompted for the name of a local language CSV file. Be sure to include the .csv extension. Eg. `python3 csv_to_vanilla_i18n.py`
```
